feat(s3): add API calls list - MTA-1874 (#528)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/object-operations.mdx

</Message>

**Sample request**

> ```http

Reviewer: I don't think ` ```http` is required here- it will not change anything

```

**Sample response**
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
x-amz-id-2: tx9b476790a39c409d8b029-005caf01d5
x-amz-request-id: tx9b476790a39c409d8b029-005caf01d5
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2019 09:20:19 GMT
```

## Restore Object

> This calls moves an object back to the `STANDARD` storage class for the specificed number of days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This call moves an object back to the `STANDARD` storage class for the specified number of days.
```
